"Located on the southern tip of Lake Union, the Hilton Garden Inn Seattle Downtown hotel is perfectly located for business and leisure. \nThe neighborhood is home to numerous major international companies including Amazon, Google and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. A wealth of eclectic restaurants and bars make this area of Seattle one of the most sought out by locals and visitors. Our proximity to Lake Union allows visitors to take in some of the Pacific Northwest's majestic scenery and enjoy outdoor activities like kayaking and sailing. over 2,000 sq. ft. of versatile space and a complimentary business center. State-of-the-art A/V technology and our helpful staff will guarantee your conference, cocktail reception or wedding is a success. Refresh in the sparkling saltwater pool, or energize with the latest equipment in the 24-hour fitness center. Tastefully decorated and flooded with natural light, our guest rooms and suites offer everything you need to relax and stay productive. Unwind in the bar, and enjoy American cuisine for breakfast, lunch and dinner in our restaurant. The 24-hour Pavilion Pantry? stocks a variety of snacks, drinks and sundries.",
 "Located in the city's vibrant core, the Sheraton Grand Seattle provides a gateway to the diverse sights and sounds of the Pacific Northwest. Step out of our front doors to find gourmet dining and bars, world-class shopping, exciting entertainment, and iconic local attractions including the Pike Place Market, Space Needle and Chihuly Garden & Glass Museum. As one of only seven Sheraton hotels in North America to earn the esteemed Grand designation, guests can book confidently knowing they?re receiving the highest benchmark on product and service offerings available. Experience our recently completed multimillion-dollar transformation featuring all new guest rooms, an expanded Sheraton Club Lounge, and modern meeting & event spaces. Gather in our stylish new lobby and enjoy our private art collection featuring local artists while enjoying your favorite beverage from Starbucks. The Sheraton Grand features several dining options including Loulay Kitchen & Bar by James Beard award winning chef Thierry Rautureau.",
 'Located in the heart of downtown Seattle, the award-winning \nCrowne Plaza Hotel Seattle ? Downtown offers an exceptional blend of service, style and comfort. You?ll notice Cool, Comfortable and Unconventional touches that set us apart as soon as you step inside. Marvel at stunning views of the city lights while relaxing in our new Sleep Advantage? Beds. Enjoy complimentary wireless Internet throughout the hotel and amenities to help you relax like our Temple Spa? Sleep Tight Amenity kits featuring lavender spray and lotions to help you rejuvenate and unwind. Enjoy an invigorating workout at our 24-hour fitness center, get dining suggestions from our expert concierge or savor sumptuous cuisine at our Regatta Bar & Grille restaurant where you can enjoy Happy Hour in our lounge daily from 4pm - 7pm and monthly drink specials. Come and experience all that The Emerald City has to offer with us!',
 'What?s near our hotel downtown Seattle location? The better \nquestion might be what?s not nearby. In addition to being one of the hotels near Pike Place Market, here?s just a small sampling of the rest. Columbia Center, whose Sky View Observatory on the 73rd floor is the tallest public viewing area west of the Mississippi Historic 5th Avenue Theatre, home to musical productions Seattle Central Library, an architectural marvel. Within half a mile: The must-see Pike Place Market, which houses the original Starbucks Pioneer Square, Seattle?s original downtown. Seattle Art Museum. Fantastic shopping, including the flagship Nordstrom, Nordstrom Rack, Macy?s, Columbia Sportswear, Louis Vuitton, Arcteryx, and oodles of independent boutiques. The Great Wheel. Washington State Convention Center. Within about a mile: The iconic Space Needle.  Bell Street Pier Cruise Terminal at Pier 66. Sports stadiums CenturyLink Field and Safeco Field, home to the Seattle Seahawks, Seattle Mariners, and Seattle Sounders.',
 'Situated amid incredible shopping and iconic attractions, The Westin Seattle is a contemporary haven in a prime location. Relax and recharge in stylish accommodations, modern comforts, signature Heavenly® amenities and gorgeous views of the Seattle skyline, Puget Sound, Lake Union and Cascade mountain range. Experience our newly renovated lobby including 1900 FIFTH, our new lobby bar offering a carefully curated wine and crafted cocktail experience. Explore a spectacular collection of celebrated attractions, including the Space Needle, CenturyLink Field, The Washington State Convention Center, Pike Place Market and the Seattle Waterfront. Host unforgettable meetings and social engagements in more than 70,000 square feet of event space, enhanced by expert planning and custom catering. Refresh in our pool or energize your mind and body in our sleek WestinWORKOUT® Fitness Studio. Designed to reflect the style and substance of the Emerald City, our hotel is a welcoming haven near the best of downtown Seattle.',
 'More than just a hotel, The Paramount Hotel Seattle summons the feel of cozy, elegant and luxurious private residence with friendly hosts, the most comfortable beds in Seattle and an award-winning\xa0Asian restaurant\xa0right downstairs. You\x92ll fall in love with the simple luxury and charm of our boutique hotel, from the warm, inviting wood finishes, comfy seating areas and fireplace in the lobby to the classically decorated rooms and suites appointed with a dash of urban flair. Our central downtown location puts you in good company: one block from the Washington State Convention Center and walking distance to Pike Place Market, the Seattle Art Museum and diverse shopping, cafes and restaurants. There are many reasons The Paramount Hotel is annually ranked among the top five hotels in downtown Seattle, Washington. Why not come find out yours? ',
 'Enjoy our central location in the heart of downtown at Hilton Seattle. Our hotel is near attractions including Pike Place Market, restaurants, shops and entertainment. Book your sightseeing tour, or rent a car in the hotel. If you\x92re in town for a conference, walk to the Washington State Convention Center via the underground concourse. Hungry? Visit our Redtrees restaurant featuring a wide variety of options that will satisfy any foodie.',
 'A downtown Seattle destination hotel just steps from everywhere you want to be. Seattle style is our Motif. From your local welcome libation to our rooftop lounge with views across the City, touchstones of the area\x92s sweeping landscape and rich arts and music culture infuse your surroundings. Newly renovated rooms feel like modern residences, with natural hardwoods and colors inspired by the Pacific Northwest. And you\x92ll find the region\x92s culinary bounty reflected in the menus at Frolik Kitchen + Cocktails, adjoining the fifth floor patio. Join us at 5th Avenue between Pike and Union, where shopping, Pike Place Market, the Waterfront, convention center, Seattle Monorail and light rail to the airport are all just a stroll away.',
 'In a city known for setting trends, Warwick Seattle is leading the way.\xa0Located in the upbeat Belltown district, just blocks from the Space Needle and the heart of downtown, the Warwick Seattle hotel blends the classic charm that\x92s expected from the Warwick name with the contemporary styling of the Emerald City throughout. Boasting\xa0unique accommodations\xa0inspired by Seattle culture, staying at Warwick Seattle allows guests to truly experience Seattle while finding pleasant surprises along the way. With refreshing seaborne mists in the breeze, evergreen-covered hills lining the horizon and the heart of Seattle right at the doorstep \x96 anything is possible. Welcome to Warwick Seattle!',
 'Surrounded by snow-capped mountain peaks, deep-blue waters and swaths of evergreen forests, Seattle is as wild as it is trendy. Our Hotel puts you in the heart of the city\x92s downtown, with the Seattle Art Museum on one side, iconic Pike Place Market on another and the waters of Elliott Bay gleaming to the west. Wake to a fresh cup of coffee delivered straight to your room, then head out to explore eclectic neighbourhoods and craft breweries, or spend the day hiking up nearby Mount Rainer or kayaking on Lake Union. Come nightfall, meet us at Goldfinch Tavern, an Ethan Stowell Restaurant, and let our chefs show you all the best local flavours of your new favourite city.'